modules: memfault: Add automatic sending of coredumps over LTE (#20040)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/libraries/debug/memfault_ncs.rst

.. memfault_config_files_end

> Automatic Sending of Coredumps to Memfault

Author: I think its fine to leave it where it is.

.. memfault_config_files_end

Automatic sending of coredumps to Memfault
==========================================

> To post a stored coredump from a previous crash to Memfault upon network connection, set the option :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MEMFAULT_NCS_POST_COREDUMP_ON_NETWORK_CONNECTED` to ``y``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To post a stored coredump from a previous crash to Memfault upon network connection, set the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MEMFAULT_NCS_POST_COREDUMP_ON_NETWORK_CONNECTED` Kconfig option to ``y``.
```

The option is only supported for nRF91 Series devices.

> The library has built-in connection awareness and tries to post the coredump to a maximum of the number set in the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MEMFAULT_NCS_POST_COREDUMP_RETRIES_MAX` Kconfig option, in an interval of the time set in the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MEMFAULT_NCS_POST_COREDUMP_RETRY_INTERVAL_SECONDS` Kconfig option between each attempt.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The library has built-in connection awareness and tries to post the coredump to a maximum of the number set in the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MEMFAULT_NCS_POST_COREDUMP_RETRIES_MAX` Kconfig option, at an interval of the time set in the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MEMFAULT_NCS_POST_COREDUMP_RETRY_INTERVAL_SECONDS` Kconfig option between each attempt.
```

If unsuccessful within the number of attempts, the library gives up.
If at any point the network is lost during the retry process, the library waits for the device to reconnect before restarting the retry process.

This feature is useful when you want to post the coredump as soon as possible after a crash and it is not desirable to wait for the next periodic upload set by :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MEMFAULT_HTTP_PERIODIC_UPLOAD_INTERVAL_SECS`.

> Alternatively, you can manually trigger the coredump upload by calling the function :c:func:`memfault_zephyr_port_post_data`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can manually trigger the coredump upload by calling the :c:func:`memfault_zephyr_port_post_data` function.
```

> The :c:func:`memfault_coredump_has_valid_coredump` function can be used to check if a coredump is available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the :c:func:`memfault_coredump_has_valid_coredump` function to check whether a coredump is available.
```

> The :c:function:`memfault_coredump_has_valid_coredump` function can be used to check if a coredump is available.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The :c:func:`memfault_coredump_has_valid_coredump` function can be used to check if a coredump is available.
```

To fix the doc build error.
